*** HOSPITAL ***

Written by Thomas Gak Deluen

HospitalAdministrator.java
	Basicly acts as an admin for the hospital.
	This java file contains the main function.
	When executed, it first retrieves the argument
	from command line which is the filename of
	the config file. Then gets all necessary 
	values to instantiate the Hospital and the
	different entities.
	It maintains the day to day work of the hospital.
	It warns the user that all patients might not 
	be treated if not all types of doctors exist.
	And it executes all the `aDayPasses` methods` 
	for each other class.
	
	EXTENSION: Instead of being able to only treat
	one patient per day, I added a for loop on line 80
	that makes the sequence of events repeat twice 
	and therefore doctors can treat patients in the
	morning and in the afternoon.
	
Hospital:
	Main Hospital class file. Contains all elements 
	from spec plus maybe some more that were needed.
	Constructor takes the number of beds and of
	operating theatres as arguments.
	It can admit patients given that there is room,
	can discharge patients, find a free operating 
	theatre, empty all the theatres, prep for theatre,
	and take patients to recovery.

Health:
	Models health of patients. Takes an object of type
	Illness as parameter in the constructor as well as
	the healthState, although we could get rid of that 
	for now they are all sick. According to the illness
	the different elements of the Health will be updated.
	The recovery time is set later on through the doctor.

Illness:
	A class representing an illness. Nothing else than that.
	Contains all elements from the spec list including a
	max number of days and a min number of days of recovery.

Person:
	Abstract class of a person. Same as the spec nothing more 
	is added really. Apart from the fact that there is 
	method to check that the gender is correct.

Doctor:
	Just a doctor like in the spec. Can be assigned a patient.
	Has a speciality. There is a method using randomness
	to get a random recovery time.
	And the main treat patient method.

Surgeon, LimbSurgeon, OrganSurgeon:
	Pretty much like the spec, maybe some extra checks about
	operating theatres and patients but nothing more.
	
ConfigFileReader:
	Pretty much opens a file, reads it, checks some values 
	and return them to the administrator. Finish by closing
	the file.
	
	



HOW TO RUN:
	while inside folder containing source files just type in bash:
			javac *.java
	if no error (there should not be), you can create your config file
	or use the one provided.
	To launch type in the command line:
			java HospitalAdministrator [config_file]
	where you replace [config_file] with the path to your config file